SmartScreen blocks installer guidance (#5164)
Particular/docs.particular.net: servicecontrol/troubleshooting.md

1. Select the "FailedMessageRetries" collection in the left tree
1. Delete all documents in the collection
1. Stop maintenance mode

> ## Microsoft Defender SmartScreen blocks installer 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## SmartScreen blocks the installer
```

Let's stay away from trying to qualify the name, as per [Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_SmartScreen) —

> SmartScreen (officially called Windows SmartScreen, Windows Defender SmartScreen and SmartScreen Filter in different places) is a... (fill in appropriate term here)

![this-is-fine](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/677704/102587031-7b0fa280-410b-11eb-97a1-c7accebe859b.gif)

> All code is code signed, but Microsoft SmartScreen (part of Windows Defender) can considers the certificate "untrusted" and shows a warning when trying to install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installer is [code signed](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_signing), but [SmartScreen](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_SmartScreen) may classify the code signing certificate as "untrusted" and block the installer from running until permission is granted by the user.
```

> The files are code signed correctly and show "NServiceBus Ltd" as the signee, but Microsoft needs to "build trust in" the certificate before not showing the warning. One of the main inputs is to get users to override the warning and install the files. It is required to override that warning by clicking "Run Anyway" until the NServiceBus code signing certificate gets trusted by Microsoft SmartScreen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although the installer is code signed correctly with a certificate owned by "NServiceBus Ltd", SmartScreen will block it from running until Microsoft has built enough "trust" in the certificate. One of the main inputs to building that trust is when users grant permission to run the installer. To grant permission to run the installer, click "Run Anyway". This will no longer be required when Microsoft decides to trust the certificate.
```

> 
> All artifacts during builds are virus scanned before packaging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

All artifacts during builds are virus scanned before packaging.
```

This doesn't seem to belong to this trouble shooting section.

Reviewer 2: I read the rationale to put it here something like this:

Bad news, sorry that we forced this upon you. Here is how to resolve it. Trust us it is safe.

By the way our builds are trustworthy and yes you can really click on the button we just told you

> The installer is [code signed](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_signing), but [SmartScreen](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_SmartScreen) (called Windows SmartScreen, Windows Defender SmartScreen and SmartScreen Filter in different places) may classify the code signing certificate as "untrusted" and block the installer from running until permission is granted by the user. The blocking of SmartScreen is because the publisher is untrusted. All artifacts during builds are virus scanned before packaging to reduce any potentiaon inclusion of malware in our installers.
> 
> Although the installer is code signed correctly with a certificate owned by "NServiceBus Ltd", SmartScreen will block it from running until Microsoft has built enough "trust" in the certificate. One of the main inputs to building that trust is when users grant permission to run the installer. To grant permission to run the installer, click "Run Anyway". This will no longer be required when Microsoft decides to trust the certificate.
> 
> 

Reviewer 3: Lead with the why the code signing cert might be temporarily untrusted, not with a bombastic statement "because teh publisher is untrusted".

This also removes the word "our" which is what content verification is upset about.

```suggestion
The installer is [code signed](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_signing), but [SmartScreen](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Microsoft_SmartScreen) (called Windows SmartScreen, Windows Defender SmartScreen and SmartScreen Filter in different places) may classify the code signing certificate as "untrusted" and block the installer from running until permission is granted by the user.

Although the installer is code signed correctly with a certificate owned by "NServiceBus Ltd", SmartScreen will block it from running until Microsoft has built enough "trust" in the certificate. One of the main inputs to building that trust is when users grant permission to run the installer. To grant permission to run the installer, click "Run Anyway". This will no longer be required when Microsoft decides to trust the certificate.

When building ServiceControl, all build artifacts are virus scanned to ensure no viruses or malware are shipped with the installer packages.
```
